docs(checkout): cross-link cart_id from Create Checkout (#439)
Universal-Commerce-Protocol/ucp: docs/specification/checkout.md

product data (price/title etc.) provided by the business through the feeds
**SHOULD** match the actual attributes returned in the response.

When the [Cart](cart.md) capability is negotiated, the request payload

> accepts an additional `cart_id` field for cart-to-checkout conversion. See

Reviewer: rephrase to "should accept"? I mean, that's part of the business implementation; it's not automatic

> accepts an additional `cart_id` field for cart-to-checkout conversion. See

Author: ```suggestion
should accept an additional `cart_id` field for cart-to-checkout conversion. See
```
